ABOUT
 A “Home cooking book” is free, desktop application for Windows, using SQLite data base, which are stored in user machine. The purpose of “Home cooking book” system is to give a stand-alone resource to create a digital home cooking book with a recipes’ calculator for home and hobby. “Home cooking book” will store catalogue of recipes, recipes ingredients and preparing descriptions, allow to output info about recipe into file (*.txt).
See more here: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1FqmVJ_txzSEnxfEHYocfnpR3IiKIKs9q?usp=share_link


ABBREVATION AND DEFINITION USED IN MANUAL
DB – data base.
Formulation and recipe both are composition and way to cook some dish.
	formulation –  amounts of ingredients are expressed in relative values.
	recipe – amount of ingredients are expressed in defined values.
base ingredient – a main ingredients, first inserted ingredient, default calculation base
calculation base – define, which value will be used for coefficients calculating: base ingredients, sum of all ingredients or inserted coefficients. 
calculation base value – a value of calculation base.


MEASURES AND CALCULATING

Application store amounts of recipe ingredients in percents and scope of coefficients.  Coefficients will be used for calculating amounts in grams. change decimal separator.
Calculator.

“Insert Amounts” and “Recepture” both allow calculate recipe amounts. “Insert Amounts” allows to insert recipe ingredients and get a formulation. “Recepture” allows to add new coefficient to formulation and get using it a recipe.
Is available to change decimal separator.


INTERFACES

“Home cooking book”  has 11 user interfaces. Main interface is a “Categories”.

1. “Categories”. A catalogue of formulation, finding and printing tools.
2. “Categories list”. An ingredients` editor.
3. “Ingredients”.  A categories` of recipes editor.
4. “Recepture”.  A coefficient and recipe editor.
5. “Insert Amounts”. A recipe composition editor.
6. “Print to file”. Write and read text file (*.txt).
7. “Technology”. Recipe technology editor.
8. “Step chains”. Technologies chain editor.
9. “Technology steps”. Technologies card editor.
10. “About Recepture”. Recipe description editor.
11. "EditDB". DB editor.